نينجا نينجا نينجا                                                                                                                                                                                 Ninja Ninja Ninja
بَطَلٌ محبوب                                                                                                                                                                            Beloved hero
أخلاق يذوب                                                                                                                He's a dissolving morals = he is full of morales
نينجا نينجا نينجا                                                                                                                                                                                 Ninja Ninja Ninja
بَطَلٌ محبوب                                                                                                                                                                            Beloved hero
أخلاق يذوب                                                                                                                He's a dissolving morals = he is full of morales
برشاقته وفتوته وبطيبته                                                                                                                                                                                 In his agility, and his chivalrous and his kindness
يغزو القلوب                                                                                                                                                                                                             He invades the hearts
نينجا نينجا نينجا                                                                                                                                                                                 Ninja Ninja Ninja
هو بطل في الكارتيه                                                                                                                                          He's a hero in Karate
قبضة يده حديدية    He have iron fist
نينجا نينجا نينجا                                                                                                                                                                                 Ninja Ninja Ninja
يعشق السِلمَ ولا يعتدي                                                                                                                                                                             He loves peace and never assault others
ولا يرضى لأحد أذية                                                                                                                                                                                                                He don't allow people to get harm
نينجا نينجا نينجا                                                                                                                                                                                 Ninja Ninja Ninja
شرهٌ يحب طعام الشومن                                                                                                                                                                                                             He's gluttonous loves "Chow Mein" food
يأكل يأكل ولا يشبع                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          He eat's and eat's and never full
نينجا نينجا نينجا                                                                                                                                                                                 Ninja Ninja Ninja
بَطَلٌ محبوب                                                                                                                                                                            Beloved hero
أخلاق يذوب                                                                                                                He's a dissolving morals = he is full of morales
نينجا نينجا نينجا                                                                                                                                                                                 Ninja Ninja Ninja
بَطَلٌ محبوب                                                                                                                                                                            Beloved hero
أخلاق يذوب                                                                                                                He's a dissolving morals = he is full of morales
"كابامارو"                                                                                                                                                                              "Kabamaru"
آه، "شيزون"                                                                                                                                                     "Uh, "Shizon
"كابامارو" ، "كابامارو"                                                                          "Kabamaru", "Kabamaru"
إإيي يــــــــــع !! "كابامارو"                                                                                                                                                                               "Eeew!! "Kabamaro
أكرهُ أن اسمع إسمهُ                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      I hate to hear his name
"ماي"، "كابامارو" ماتَ والدهُ وهو طفلٌ صغير                                                                                                                                  "May", "Kabamaru's" father has died while he was a young child
مثلما ماتَ والدكِ تماما                                                                                                                                                                             Just like your father has died
والآن، مات جدهُ الوحيد                                                                                                                         And now, the only grandfather he has have died
جدتي ... جدتي ...                                                                                                                                                                                        ...Grandma ... grandma
لا تتركيني وحدي                                                                                                                                                                  Don't leave me alone
[Crying ...  بكاء]
لا أُريدُ أن تموتي                                                                                                                                                                                                           I don't want you to die
جدتي ... جدتي ...                                                                                                                                                                                        ...Grandma ... grandma
[Crying ...  بكاء]
لا يحقُ لي أن أبكي                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                I do not I have the right to cry
أنا عندي جدَّه                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        I have a grandmother
وهو لوحده                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 And he's alone
ربما أساءَ التصرف مساءَ البارحه                                                                                               Maybe he misbehaved yesterday evening
ليخفيَ حزنه                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              To hide his grief
أعتذرُ عن مساءِ البارحة يا "ماي"                                                                                                    May" I apologies for the last night"
لا، لا يهم                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               No, It doesn't matter
هل سامحتني؟ هل سامحتني!                                                                                       Did you forgave me? Did you forgave me!
اهاهاهاه                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ehahah
سأبتسمُ لهُ هذا الصباح                                                                                                                                                                           I will smile for him this morning
[أكل    ...   eating]
آااه                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Uhhhh
ها! أهلاً                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             hu! Hello
أاااااااه ، إييييييي                                                                                                                                                                                                 Uhaaaa, eeeeee
آه، همم .. إنها خجوله !                                                                                      !Uh, hum ... She's shy
ها ها .... hahah
أمي ... أبي ...                                                                                             ... Mom... Dad
[بكاء     ...   Crying]
هييي !   ماهذا ؟                                                                                                                             ? Hey! What is this
آآااه أآه ، أنا أحترقُ من جديد                                                                                      Aaah, Auh, I'm burning again
هيييه... قلبي يخفلقُ أيضاً                                                                                                            Heeeh... My heart is beating hard too
كُنتُ غلطانه                                                                                                                                                                         I was wrong
هذا المتوحش لم يكُن حزيناً                                                                                    This savage wasn't sad
لن أُسامحهُ أبداً                                                                                                           I will never forgive him
من الذي لن تُسامحيه ؟                                                                                            ?Who's that you won't forgive
آه؟!                                                                                                                      !?Uh
صباحُ الخير يا جدتي                                                                                                         Good morning garndma
صباح الخير                                                                                              Good morning
وجهُكِ شاحب، ما بكِ يا حبيبتي                                                                          Your face is pale, what's wrong sweetie
لم أنم جيداً طوالَ الليل                                                                                                  I didn't sleep well all night
هل أفهمُ بأنكِ شاهدتي كابوساً ؟!!                                                                      !!?Did I understand that you had a nightmare
كابوساً عن "كابامارو" ؟!!                                                                                      !!?"A nightmare abut "Kabamaru
لا لا لا، كان حلمي ..                                                                                                   No no no, My dream ..
كان حلمي عن "سايزو"                                                                                     "My dream was abut "Sizow
بل .... بل...                                                                                         ...rather...  rather
بصراحة يا "ماي"                                                                                            "Honestly "May
كان بالي مشغولاً جداً على مصيرُ "سايزو"                                                                   My mind was very busy on "Sizow's" fate
آااه   ..   Uhh
[ سعال ...  Cough]
هل عندكِ مانع يا سيدتي من الانتضار قليلاً                                                             Mam do you mind to wait a little
ليجهز الفطور !                                                                                              Until the breakfast gets ready !
هل حدثَ شيئ ؟                                                                                                   ?Has anything happened
الفطورُ كان جاهزاً                                                                                         The breakfast was rady
لكن طبقاً من الأرز اختفى                                                                                   But the rice dish disappeared
أنا أُعدُ غيره يا سيدتي                                                                                           Am making another one Mam
ها!  .. مم ممتاز                                                                                               Ha! .. ee exultant
لم أشبع بعد                                                                                                        Am not full yet
آآأأأأأ     إإإإيييي                                                                                                                                                                                   Aaaa      Eeee
ما أعظم شهيتكَ يا "كابامارو"                                                                              What a great  appetite that you have "Kabamaru"
أمروٌ لا يصدق !!                                                                                           This is unbelievable
ههيي                                                                                                    Hyyyy
لا                                                                                                               No
امممم امم                                                                                                   Umm mm
جدتي سأذهبُ الى المدرسةِ التى فيها "ماي"                                                    Grandma  I'll go to the same school that "May" go to
آآآآآآآه آه....                                                                                    ....Uuuuuuh uh
"ثانوية "كنجيوكو                                                                              "Kingyoku" high school
!ومن اليوم                                                                                                  And from today !
حقاً يا " كبامارو"؟                                                                                     ?"Really "Kabamaru
سأجعلُكَ في صفِ "ماي" أيضاً                                                                                 I will put you in "May's" class also
جدتي ؟!!!                                                                                       !!!? Grandma
أحسنتُ حين أحضرتُكَ إلى طوكيو                                                                           I did well when i brought you to Tokyo
ثانويةُ "كنجيكو" سكسبُ كثيراً بوجودِ "كابامارو"                                            "Kingyeaku"high school will gain a lot with "Kabamaru"
[بكاء    ...   crying]
آه لا، لا..                                                                                                      ..Oh, No, No
تلميذٌ جديد ؟                                                                                                           ?A new student
نعم، كان يعيش في الجبل                                                                                  Yes, He lived in the mountain
وهو شديد القسوةِ والقذارة                                                                                  And he's so cruel and filthy
لا أقدرُ أن اعتاد عليه                                                                                              I can't used on him
كان يعيش في الجبل؟                                                                                   ?He lived in the mountain
نعم                                                                                                              Yes
لكن                                                                                                          But
اذا قررت السيدة "أوكوبو" أن تعتني به                                                                              If the lady "Akobo" decided to take care of him
فيجِبُ أن يكون طيباً ولطيفاً                                                                                He must be kind and nice
وأن يكون قلبهُ صافياً                                                                                     And his heart is pure
كصفاءِ نبع الماء                                                                                               As pure as the spring water
عند سفح الجبل                                                                                                On the foothill
يا عزيزتي "ماي"                                                                                         "My dear "May
نعم، أنتِ لطيفةٌ جداً بكلامكِ                                                                               Yes, You're so nice with your words
لا، لستُ أنا اللطيفه                                                                                           Am not the nice one
كما تتوهمين يا عزيزتي "ماي"                                                                                "As you fantasize my dear "May
لكن "كابامارو" ..                                                                                           "But "Kabamaru
"كابامارو"؟!!                                                                         !!?"Kabamaru"
هل قُلتِ "كابامارو"؟!!                                                                                         "!!?Did you say "Kabamaru"
نعم !                                                                                                        Yes
"كابامارو إيجانو"                                                                                       "Kabamaru Igano"
لا لا .. No no
"كاجيمارو" أو "كاكيمارو" ربما " كاكامارو" .. "ب ب بيكامارو" أأأأأه    Kagimaru" or " kakaimaru" mabye "Kakamaru" .. " b b bikamaru" Aaaah
اممم !                                                                                             !Ummm
فتىٍ متوحش كان يعيش ُفي الجبل                                                                         A savage guy he used to live in the mountain
هه سأجعلُ هذا الفتى يحبني                                                                       Hh I will make this guy loves me
اطمئني يا "ماي" أنا بجانبك                                                                                Rest assured "May" I am by your side
"كاورو"                                                                                               "Kawru"
أعتبركَ مثل أُختٍ لي                                                                                            I consider you as a sister to me
شكراً جزيلاً                                                                                           Thank you very much
.وطبعاً سأعتبرُ "كابامارو" مثل أخٍ لي                                                               And of cource I'll consider "Kabamaru" as a brother to me.
لُقماً بعد                                                                                                             A morsel more
لم يبقَ !                                                                                              !Nothing left
ماذا ؟                                                                                                                ?What
!لم يبقَ فيها أرز                                                                                            No more rice left in it!
مستحيل! أكلتُ عدداً قليلاً من الأطباق!                                                   !Impossible! I ate a few dishes
لا ... أكلتَ أربعة أطباقٍ كبيرة                                                                          No ... You ate four big dishes
لماذا لم تحضر مزيد من الأرز؟ لماذا لم تحضر المزيد؟!!                                           Why you didn't bring more of rice? why you didn't bring more
كنتُ أُريد أن آكل بعد، أنا جــائـــع                                                                        I wanted to eat more, I am HUNGRTY
اممم                                                                                              Ummm
عفواً...                                                                                             Excuse me...
هذا غدائُكَ يا "كابامارو"                                                                               "This is your lunch "Kabamaru
Huaa!                                                                                                  هااا!
علبةُ غداء ؟!!                                                                                            !!? Lunchbox
هل هذه العلبه لي أنا ؟                                                                                      ?Is this box for me
نعم، السيدة "أوكوبو" طلبت أن أُعدها                                                                      Yes, Madam "Akobo" ordered to prepare it
هذه لك، وهذه للآنسة "ماي"                                                                                 This is for you, and this is for Miss "May"
نسيت أن تأخُذها                                                                                            She forgot to take it
هذه .. علبتُ .. غدائي .. أنا؟!!                                                                  !!? This is .. mylunch.. box
كُنتُ أعرف، إنها صغيرٌ جداً                                                                              I knew it, it's too small
لكنها أكبرُ علبٌ عندنا يا عزيزي                                                                         But it's the biggest box we have my dear
كنتُ أحلم أن معي علبةُ غداء الى المدرسة                                                                I was dreaming that I'm carrying with me a lunchbox to the school
والآن .. حلمي تحقق                                                                                        and now.. my dream came true
هيا نأكُل                                                                                                    Let's eat
[ Eating ...  أكل ]
والآن .. حلمي تحقق                                                                                        and now.. my dream came true
علبةُ غدائي                                                                                                   My lunchbox
أمرٌ لا يصدق                                                                                                   It's unbelievable
[ Crying ... بكاء ]
آآآه !!                                                                                                             !! Uaah